>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And I
think many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory, and do we have
several great programs for you
in store.
Frank Joseph Hoff is with us.
He, of course, is the president
of Atlantis Publications,
and he's also a
noted researcher.
We're going to be talking
about two regions that
were on this planet a long
time ago, Lemuria and Atlantis.
Both of these areas,
Frank, have just
captured the imagination
of everybody, haven't they?
>>FRANK JOSEPH HOFF: Oh yes.
>>NOORY: How did you
get involved in this?
>>HOFF: Well, I
got involved in it
actually originally when I was
doing some research for Richard
Hoagland, oddly enough.
>>NOORY: Good old Richard.
>>HOFF: Yeah.
And I had because I had met
him at a Mars conference
in Seattle.
And so I ended up doing
some research for him.
And when I was doing that, I
came across the unusual work
of a Brazilian
professor of academia
on the lost continent of
Lemuria, and also of Atlantis,
on his websites
at www.atlan.org.
And when I started
reading the information
on the website--
and this goes back
into basically the
end of the 1997
that I ran into the
information when I was
doing the research for Richard.
As I noticed, it was very
unusual work-- very different,
very logical,
highly scientific--
>>NOORY: Detailed.
>>HOFF: Detailed-- regarding
this and the subject
was Lemuria and
Atlantis-- that I'd never
seen anybody doing that type
of detailed work before.
And then I got to looking at his
curriculum vitae or his resume.
And I got to saying, wow, this
man is a nuclear physicist.
He's a nuclear engineer.
He also spoke 14 languages.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>HOFF: Yeah.
And then he also took
on the other disciplines
of archaeology,
anthropology, linguistics,
etymology-- so he knows what the
derivation and origins of words
are.
Also, occultism.
Not that he wanted to
be an occultist per se,
but really so he could really
understand the hidden meanings
and symbolisms behind
things so he could really
uncover the riddle of it,
of Lemuria and Atlantis,
and also Atlantis that
nobody really has ever
been known to unravel before.
And it goes back at
least 11,600 years ago
for Atlantis proper itself.
But Lemuria and Atlantis goes
back closer to 75,000 years.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
And this professor
must be one of a kind.
>>HOFF: Well, from
my understanding,
he sat on all sorts of
boards and committees
for energy policy.
He also used to certify
master's degree students
and PhD students.
He was highly responsible
for the alcohol fuels program
down in Brazil.
He had several patents on that.
And what he originally did,
which was very interesting,
is he originally
went out to dispel
the whole notion of Atlantis.
He actually really wanted
to go out and to debunk it.
And he really didn't think
it was anything to it.
He's from, you know,
really pure academia.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>HOFF: He was, like
I say, a PhD professor
in many different disciplines.
>>NOORY: A scientist.
A true scientist.
>>HOFF: A true scientist, yeah.
And so he had eventually,
after 10 years of research,
started to turn
around 180 degrees.
And when he started to fill
in the rest of the pieces
of what is a giant
jigsaw puzzle--
>>NOORY: That's remarkable.
>>HOFF: --not just like a
couple-of-thousand-piece,
but like a billion-piece one
that got scattered all around
the world-- he had to piece it
all back together so he could
get a clear picture of
what Atlantis was all about
and where its true
original location is,
as well as Lemuria and Atlantis.
And so he could really
get a really good look
at what the civilization
was all about.
He didn't try to
cram in the pieces
or misfit them or
anything like that,
but put them in real smoothly.
And once he started assembling--
>>NOORY: Very methodical.
>>HOFF: Very methodical
in the way he did it.
And actually
reverse engineer it,
not back to a colony, a
remnant, or an outpost,
but to its true original, real
location of where Lemuria was,
and also where Atlantis is.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
Is he still with us?
>>HOFF: Well, unfortunately
Professor Santos
passed away in September--
and I think was 9th of 2005.
>>NOORY: Oh thank
god you've been
able to document some of this.
>>HOFF: Well, oddly
enough, it was
after he got his
book on Atlantis--
in this case,
published in English--
in just a couple months before
he passed away, when he just
got placed on--
actually, in this case,
it was on amazon.com.
And so I think it's
really, seriously, George,
is a big, huge loss
for the world--
>>NOORY: Oh, of course.
>>HOFF: --for the
knowledge this man had.
And look, I tried to
get him on this show,
but he got-- what happened is
he ended up damaging his femur
and his bone in his leg.
And I think he sat
around too much
and didn't get enough
circulation going.
And he ended up passing away.
But he ended up breaking it
going in and out of his house.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
That's sad.
Let's talk about Lemuria, Frank.
We're dealing with two
distinctive different
locations, Lemuria, Atlantis.
And we'll talk about
Atlantis in our next program.
What is Lemuria?
And why do they call it Lemuria?
What does that mean?
>>HOFF: Great question, George.
And Lemuria, what
it really means,
is it goes with the word "mu,"
which actually means mother,
or motherland, in this case.
And it's actually the
motherland of civilization.
It's where civilization
really began.
Not in Mesopotamia or
Sumeria, but actually
in the area of, in
this case, we found out
to be Southeast Asia, in and
around the area of Indonesia.
And there's actually,
there was not
only just the original
civilization that actually got
destroyed by a cataclysmic
event, in this case,
the Toba volcano, but
they also rebuilt.
And what they had
to do is they had
to go find the place
after it was basically
destroyed in large part by
the Toba volcano into India.
And so they had to go there to
basically regather, regroup,
and really rebuild
the other Atlantis.
And just so you know, the
fatherland of civilization
is India.
It's more like Pakistan
at this time, where
the border was-- in and
around the Indus Valley area
civilization.
>>NOORY: How big do you think
Lemuria might have been?
>>HOFF: You mean in terms--
>>NOORY: In terms of size.
>>HOFF: In size?
It was really continental size.
It was probably, actually
bigger than Atlantis itself.
And Atlantis is at least the
size of the continental United
States--
>>NOORY: Wow.
Huge.
>>HOFF: --with Alaska
and Hawaii combined.
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>HOFF: It's huge,
the land area.
>>NOORY: So with Lemuria,
approximately when
did something happen to it?
And I'm going to ask you to
speculate on the people who
were on that island.
I mean, what kind of
technology did they have?
I mean, because
I've always heard
since I was a little boy that
the technology of these places
was absolutely unbelievable,
years and years ahead
of maybe even what
we have today.
So first of all,
when did it go down?
Did it sink?
Did it just explode?
What happened to it?
>>HOFF: Approximately
74- to 75,000 years ago,
the supervolcano
Toba did go off.
And that decimated and
destroyed a lot of the area.
As far as sinking,
maybe not so much
in this case as maybe Atlantis.
And actually it never did sink.
That's an optical illusion.
It's really that
sea levels rose.
And maybe we can
talk more about it.
>>NOORY: It didn't go down?
>>HOFF: No.
>>NOORY: The waters went up.
>>HOFF: The waters went up.
And again, we have this
a couple different times
in recent history, with
the Banda Aceh or Aceh
area back in
December 26 of 2004,
when the, I think it was a 9.0,
9.1 earthquake took place up
in that area.
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>HOFF: Huge.
And it set the tsunami up.
But the difference
is, and whether it
be with Lemuria Atlantis
or Atlantis itself,
is that instead of just sending
a wave of water up maybe 20
meters high, at the
time of Atlantis,
it was a little closer to
2,000 meters high in Lemuria.
>>NOORY: Oh, meters?
>>HOFF: Yeah, meters.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>HOFF: Yeah.
>>NOORY: With a force that is
unbelievable, the strength.
>>HOFF: Right.
And again, I don't
know if it's so
much in this case with
Lemuria and Atlantis
that happened as it did
happen with Atlantis.
But either way, it
sent the water in
and a great deluge that
ended up reaching up
to some of the highest peaks.
But again, what happened
is that water ended up
receding eventually,
just like it
did in this case, the
Aceh area, and other areas
of the surrounding
area of Indonesia,
where we lost almost--
and it's 400,000 people.
But also, when we had
it in Japan in Sendai
too, when it went in--
but also, it does recede.
>>NOORY: Now, the
time period's off,
but could this have
been the flood of Noah?
>>HOFF: Yes.
This has a lot to
do with the flood.
And what you have is you have
the great deluge which came in,
and that's just
the initial flood.
But that again, it recedes.
And it's an optical illusion.
So if you're out in the vessel
and you take a look at it,
it looks like in
this case, maybe
Lemuria had sank, Lemuria
and Atlantis, or Atlantis.
But it really didn't.
It's that sea levels rose.
And then later on, and I'll have
to talk to you more about this
in another program,
there is also
a universal flood that took
place over a period of time
as well.
So there's really a couple
different types of floods,
and that's what would
ended up confusing people.
>>NOORY: I have always
heard that if you're
on a ship during
a tsunami, nothing
happens to you because it's kind
of like this wave, this push.
But if we're talking
about something that's
a mile and a half
or 2 miles high,
that's going to wipe out
everything, isn't it?
>>HOFF: And it pretty much did.
It pretty much started to wipe
out civilization-- maybe more
so with Atlantis proper
than it did with Lemuria,
but basically about
the same thing.
There wasn't that large
a population on Earth.
The Lemurians--
>>NOORY: No, not at the time.
>>HOFF: --by the way,
were not as advanced--
because this is your
question too-- were not
as advanced as Atlantis proper.
They were leading up
to that direction,
and they would have probably
been around for several 100,000
years, if not a million years.
And they may have even come
from elsewhere as well.
But, you know, they
weren't quite advanced.
And before they got really
advanced, they got destroyed.
>>NOORY: They got wiped out.
>>HOFF: Wiped out.
And so they had to rebuild.
But the key is they
had to rebuild--
they had a time to rebuild
over a period of 60,000 years
because they used their base--
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>HOFF: --over in India in order
to do that, and reassemble back
to Atlantis proper.
>>NOORY: Frank, did
any of them have
time to escape this deluge?
>>HOFF: Great question, George.
They did.
And as I mentioned, they went
originally over in India.
But they went to other parts
of India to begin with.
They got chased out by some
of the locals over there.
But they ended up settling
into that Indus Valley area.
Now, later on, they went
into some other areas.
And they also were a
worldwide empire anyhow,
even with Lemuria and Atlantis.
But you got to
understand, they had
to be constrained a lot
of times to that area
because it was the middle
of the Pleistocene ice age
as this was going on.
>>NOORY: Everything was
happening to these poor people
at the time.
If they had ships that
were out, way, way out,
those people would have been OK.
When they came back
in those ships,
what would they have seen?
Their land would have
been underwater because
of the rising sea
levels, which I assume
was pretty fast too, right?
>>HOFF: Yes.
And with Lemuria and
Atlantis, it probably
had to do even more so
with the destruction there
with a lot of fly ash going
up into the atmosphere
and also a lot of vaporized
water going up there too.
So this ended up darkening
out the skies for a while too,
not only in that area, but
probably even worldwide.
The other thing
is too, I know it
since a lot of these
religious texts
and whatnot talks about having
40 days of rain and so on,
that relates back
to what was going on
with Lemuria and Atlantis.
>>NOORY: Ah, OK.
>>HOFF: And so
that's what came--
all went up into the
atmosphere or the stratosphere.
And so it came down over a
period of time, the 40 days,
because all the vaporized
water from the supervolcano
all went up in the atmosphere.
It darkened up the skies.
Also, the fly ash the same way.
And this caused a
big problem, or it
started to cause a possible
extinction of the human species
even.
>>NOORY: When the
waters recessed,
the land kind of
showed again, right?
>>HOFF: Yes.
That's after the initial deluges
that take place, the tsunami.
>>NOORY: What was left
after the waters receded?
Nothing?
Everything was obliterated?
>>HOFF: Well, what happened
is, is that some of the land
appeared again, of course.
And some of the people went
up to the upper altitudes
of the islands or the continent
of Lemuria and Atlantis, Mu.
But some of them had to disperse
into other areas, like I said,
India and other places,
where they may have
had colonies around the world.
Again, a lot of things
even got affected
around the world
because of all the fly
ash and the vaporized
water going up too
from a number of areas out.
And again, some other
people in other areas
were affected because it was the
middle of the Pleistocene ice
age.
And that's why Lemuria-Atlantis,
and Atlantis has
to be where it's at,
which is on the equator,
so it's in a temperate climate
so a population of 20, 30,
40 million people
can actually survive.
Not in some other
areas, which are
a polar desert in other parts
of the world at that time.
>>NOORY: Once the ocean
levels receded for Lemuria,
and you could see the
landmass, where is it today?
I mean, what
happened to it again?
Something obviously happened.
>>HOFF: Well, some
of it ends up being
today in that area of
Southeast Asia's under water.
And what I'm speaking about
for Lemuria and Atlantis,
and even Atlantis proper, is
that it's an area of Indonesia
and the surrounding area of
Southeast Asia, which comprises
also Malaysia, and also even
the Philippines-- might be
the far northeastern extension.
And also on the island of
Borneo, you have Kalimantan.
You have also the
Malaysia side, which is--
>>NOORY: So there are
remnants of Lemuria
out there, do you think?
>>HOFF: And Atlantis
proper as well.
So I mean, here's the
thing with the two of them.
They actually are
really one and the same.
What they did is Lemuria
started off first,
and it got destroyed
and then was
rebuilt to Atlantis proper
basically in the same location.
And so there's three
Atlantises, in a sense.
There's first the
Lemuria-Atlantis,
which is the original.
The motherland of civilization.
Now, there is a fatherland,
which is in this valley area,
and that's considered maybe
the second, depending on how
you look at it, or the third.
The third, or the
second, depending
on how you look at it, is
the Wondrous Son, where
they rebuilt Atlantis proper.
So usually, one
way you can think
is that it's the father
and the mother first,
and then they have the
offspring, the son.
But that's one way.
So you could label it Lemuria
and Atlantis is the first one.
The fatherland of
civilization, the Indus Valley,
is the second one,
the second Atlantis.
And the third one
as the Wondrous Son.
Or you could actually label
it as Lemuria and Atlantis
is the original one, and at
basically the same spot, they
rebuilt it again, so you could
consider that the second one.
And the third one would be
the one over in fatherland,
over in India.
>>NOORY: They just
never gave up, did they?
>>HOFF: Yeah.
And it just depends
which way you
look at it, which is first
and second and third.
But the most important
point is, is Lemuria
and Atlantis and Atlantis
were in the same spot.
It's just a matter,
it got destroyed,
and they had to rebuild.
>>NOORY: What is so romantic
about Lemuria, for example?
Why is it so ingrained
in mythology and legend?
We just don't seem
to let go of it.
>>HOFF: Well, look.
The thing is, with Lemuria
and Atlantis, Atlantis,
is it's the source of most all
religions and most all science
and most all races.
It's where civilization began.
>>NOORY: Was that
the Garden of Eden?
>>HOFF: And it is actually,
it is the birthplace
of the Garden of Eden.
I mean, it is where Garden
of Eden actually is.
That's what Professor Santos,
Arysio Santos, found out,
is that the Garden of Eden was a
garden at Lemuria and Atlantis,
the original Atlantis.
>>NOORY: Not modern-day Iraq?
>>HOFF: No.
Not Sumeria, not Mesopotamia
or anything like that.
But its discovery now is
from the dawn of antiquity
and is indeed the true
message of the gospels
and other holy-type
books and so on.
And its rebirth now is
actually a rebirth back
to the golden age of life.
It's called the Satya Yuga.
>>NOORY: You could
have pronounced it
any way and nobody would
have questioned you.
>>HOFF: Yeah.
But the Satya Yuga is
like the Hindu meaning
for the Golden Age.
And so what it means, that we're
heading back to the Golden Age.
And this is a rebirth and
going back to that time
when things were
peaceful and kind.
>>NOORY: And like you say,
Frank, 74,000 years ago.
What was this planet like
beyond Lemuria, for example,
74,000 years ago?
There wasn't much.
>>HOFF: No, there wasn't.
And they had to be restrained
to that area because
of the climate, the
temperate climate.
Again, we're in the middle
of the Pleistocene ice age.
And so they had outposts
in the different areas
that they could do
supplying, and they
did have different
types of trade routes.
And they were a
worldwide empire.
But for the most vast
part of the population,
it couldn't be like in
Antarctica, where they've
taken ice core
samples in situ that's
been there for 2 million years.
So even today, we have problems
of having, say, 1,000 people
down in Antarctica, let
alone more than 20 or 30
million people.
>>NOORY: Any remnants
at all from Lemuria?
Have they found artifacts?
You know, vases?
Anything?
>>HOFF: There are
different types
of artifacts that
are out there that
have symbolic signs on them.
At least, they have
Atlantean-type descriptions
on them.
Now, whether somebody painted
these things up just recently
based on the
symbolism-- there are
some things that are out there.
And we do have some, let's say,
drawings or photos or etchings
of those kind of artifacts.
But what we're
really after is to go
get the real original
artifacts and really start
excavating those.
And we are working
on that right now.
We are starting to come up
with some of those things.
>>NOORY: That would be exciting.
>>HOFF: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What drives you, Frank?
What keeps pushing you?
>>HOFF: Well, look it.
The way I look at it is
that Professor Santos
originally went out to
disprove this whole thing.
He found out after
10 years of research
there might be
something worth it.
Another 10 years and filling
in the piece of the puzzle.
And then another 10 years for
30, with part of that with me.
>>NOORY: He was
obsessed with it?
>>HOFF: It wasn't obsessed.
It was a passion to get the
knowledge out to the world
that's been hidden
for 11,600-plus years,
the ending date of
Atlantis proper,
and goes back to
Lemuria-Atlantis with its
ending date around
74-, 75,000 years ago.
So the information,
in a sense, has
been held secret for
a number of reasons
for all this period of time.
And I thought it was becoming
upon me to not to let this go
by the wayside for another
11,600-plus years or more.
>>NOORY: We won't
be around then.
>>HOFF: No.
>>NOORY: I don't think--
>>HOFF: Look, it's been
long enough, and it's time.
I represent Professor Santos.
And in turn, we represent the
ancient Atlanteans themselves.
And from our information,
they want this information
to get out when we get
up to a certain amount
of advanced knowledge, as with
all the computers and sciences
now-- that they wanted to
just get this information out.
And so that's what
I'm looking to do,
is start to release
it to the public.
And that's why a while back,
I was on your show, Coast
to Coast, to start that process.
>>NOORY: And what's
the response been?
Are people accepting
this, or they fighting it?
>>HOFF: Well, there
are some that,
of course, are fighting it,
and we've had to overcome that.
But look it, this
isn't going away.
I'm not going away
on this whole thing.
I'm going to get
the information out.
So I can tell you straight
out, we're going to do this.
And I've been over to Indonesia
three different times.
We've had the support of the
previous president, President
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
And I think we'll
have the support
of the new president,
Joko Widodo, who
is better known as Jokowi.
And they've been very
supportive of doing this work,
even though a lot of scientists
in Indonesia were against it.
But they're starting
to come on board,
and we are starting to bring
up the real evidence now.
>>NOORY: You had
mentioned there were
a couple of reasons why this was
kind of suppressed, held back.
What are they hiding?
>>HOFF: Well, there's
many reasons for this.
But a lot of it is,
is that the ancients,
and especially when their
homeland is devastated,
is they wanted to try to
preserve that area because it's
a really-- at least with
Atlantis and in Lemuria
and Atlantis, the
same thing-- a lot
of people perished in a
very short period of time.
And so it's really
sacred ground.
And it's actually the original
holy land for the whole world,
not the Middle East.
>>NOORY: It's like a
huge cemetery, isn't it?
>>HOFF: It is.
But they also didn't want it
to be pillaged and plundered
because of the
riches of Atlantis.
>>NOORY: And it would have been.
>>HOFF: Yeah,
because it was known
as the Golden One or the Golden
Peninsula, the Land of Gold.
And also not only gold, but
the copper, the tin, the zinc.
All these metals are
very precious even today.
Plus all the other resources,
the spice and the frankincense
and all these different
types of woods and things
they have there.
So they didn't want it pillaged
and plundered and desecrated.
And also the
strategic metals that
are used in wars and battles.
If any of their enemies,
when they were weakened,
knew about this
location, they would
be able to go there and
pick up this material,
and then they would
be really in trouble.
>>NOORY: And it
was valuable then.
It's even more valuable
today, isn't it?
>>HOFF: It's still valuable.
They still have the
resources today.
And another reason why
that area is great too
is because it's not only that
it's a very temperate climate,
they also have the resources
like volcanic ash or volcanic
soil, which is really rich
for growing agriculture.
>>NOORY: Sure.
It's one of the best.
>>HOFF: One of the best.
And also, they have the
precipitation there.
And they were able to grow as
many as three crops per year.
And those crops
typically were rice.
Actually, rice was really--
and agriculture was really
invented there, not in Sumeria
or Mesopotamia or China,
or some other place.
>>NOORY: How do the people
of that region today
feel about the possibility
that Lemuria specifically
was out there?
I mean, do they really
understand the history
that they have?
>>HOFF: Well, they've
begun to understand now
because of my going there
in 2010 to do a seminar.
They understand because I also
met with the presidential task
force that is now their
presidential task force
to the president of Indonesia.
They also understand it
more because I was also
invited to do a presentation
to the World Cultural
Forum in Bali.
>>NOORY: So they're learning?
>>HOFF: So they're learning.
And then with our books being
introduced there too, they
also-- and this is one of them.
This one is printed
in Bahasa Indonesia.
And the scientists
are all beginning
to start to get
on board, and even
do the work that's necessary
and the excavations on this--
because I had mentioned to them.
I said, when I was
there the first time,
when I was in Bogor back
in 2010, when I first
did the presentation, that
maybe it might be a good idea
to start looking around
for some ancient artifacts,
and they did.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Frank, tell me the
best way you can
what the significance of these
ancient lands are to us today.
>>HOFF: Well I
think this is really
about humanity-- is what
it really comes down to
and actually recovering our
past and understanding it.
I think in school,
we are not taught
exactly what the real history
and prehistory is, or was.
>>NOORY: No.
>>HOFF: And so this is
changing a paradigm.
It's a paradigm shift.
It's an awakening for the
whole world, the public.
And Indonesia is the caretakers.
The people of Indonesia
are the caretakers
of this lost civilization
and of humanity.
But it's really humanity, not
just for the Indonesian people
or the people around the
Philippines or Malaysian people
but for the whole world.
It's just that they're
the caretakers of it.
And I think they're
really starting
to get on board with this.
I mean our book,
when we introduced it
in Bahasa Indonesia, was one
of the top-selling books in all
of Indonesia.
>>NOORY: They must have
gone crazy with this, huh?
>>HOFF: It was shocking.
And also, when I was on your
show the first time around too,
the word started getting out.
In addition, I mentioned
this to you before, George,
that I ended up-- and I didn't
start off this way-- marrying
a lady from Indonesia.
It was Indonesia whose--
>>NOORY: Is she descended
from Lemuria? [LAUGHS]
>>HOFF: Well, I think there
could be a possibility.
But you know, that's
tracking the DNA, which
can be rather tough, but I
don't know if it's impossible.
But my wife is Sunda,
and this ancient land
is known as Sundaland.
And she speaks Sunda.
>>NOORY: How ironic.
>>HOFF: Yeah.
And she also speaks the
language of Indonesia,
which is called Bahasa
Indonesia and another one
called Betawi and a little
bit of Javanese and of course,
now English.
All I know is that
I'm the messenger
for Professor Santos on this and
also for the ancient Lemurians
and Atlantis-Lemurians now.
>>NOORY: I'm sure you've done
him proud, let me tell you.
>>HOFF: Well, I'm trying
to do the best I can.
We're really just at
the tip of the iceberg.
But I just want to say
this to your listeners--
we're not going away.
We're going to get to
the bottom of this.
And that's why we're
changing our website.
We've changed it a bit now.
We're going to change
it a whole lot more.
>>NOORY: If people want
information on you,
where do they go?
>>HOFF: Well, they
go to our website,
which is at www.atlan.org.
We have our book out
in English on Atlantis,
and it covers Lemuria too.
And it's called--
>>NOORY: That's
this one right here.
>>HOFF: Yeah, that one there.
>>NOORY: There you go.
>>HOFF: "Atlantis, The Lost
Continent Finally Found,"
with the subtitle "The
Definitive Localization--"
>>NOORY: Let's talk a lot about
Atlantis in our next program,
OK?
>>HOFF: Sure.
And one other thing too...
last book.
This is on Lemuria.
The original book back in 1995.
It's still in Portuguese.
We're looking to
print it in English.
But it's on Lemuria
and Atlantis, Atlantis,
and alchemy.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
You're getting the word out.
We're going to come back in our
next program on "Beyond Belief"
and talk about Atlantis
with Frank Joseph Hoff.
Keep watching.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."